For part 4 improvemnt, I tested my implementation with the word "accomodate" in the file  misspelling.csv. I tested with the count 3, 5, and 7,
and I uploaded the result in the seperate file names "Misspelling test - accomodate".

What I observed from the result is that, when we have a misspelling word and the value of count really have a significant different on the result.
When the value of counts gets bigger there are less likely to get the wrong spelling, and the suggested word that showed up are more accurate.
The suggest words have higher chances to suggest the correct spelling of the words.

For example, I tested the word "accomodate" which is misspelling, with the count 3, 5, 7.
When I make the count to be 7, the suggest list does not even shows the word "accomodate" instaed it shows the different possibilities of the correct spelling.
Because when we have the higher count, the implementation will check the prefix and when the spelling gets wrong the child under that prefix will be very few even 
no child, so the implementation will go back to the previous prefix to check. And when it found more correct words that have higher count, the implementation will
save the spots for higher count word and remove the lower count words. Therefore, when the counts gets higher, the suggest are more accurate.

But when we make the count to be 5 and 3, the misspelling word "accomodate" appears in the suggest list. And the possition of the misspelling word is geeing to 
the front of the list. So when the count is small, people are more likely to get the misspelling words instead of getting the suggest correct spelling.

What, if anything, could be changed in the implementation to get the correct spelling of the input tokens?
The improvement I can make to changed the implementaiton to get the correct spelling of the input tokens is to make the tokens with lower value also suggest the 
accurate spelling. What I can do it's to double the input tokens value everytime, and find the suggest list of the double token value. And just return the first 
half of the suggest list, then the suggest of the correct spelling will be more accurate.
